# LOKI
Project of team unity


LOKI - Language KarO Interpret

Problem Statement - Globalization and advancement in technology are bringing the world closer together as a global village but as we move forward in 21st century we are still confronted with problems like language barriers in communication . These gaps and fissures prevent us from understanding each other's constitute ; a common challenge to individuals, groups, international companies, governments, nations, and the whole world. Linguistic obstruction are the root causes of many problems in health care, aviation, maritime, business, and education. Human communication is a social interaction process and an essential part of our daily life. Language plays a vital role in helping people build a bridge of relationships. But barriers in communication are things that prevent people from understanding each other. They create menaces such as misunderstanding, distorted messages, confusion, wrong feedback, accidents and conflict among people.

Solution- Therefore I tried to create an effective tool to help people break the ice and ease the hurdles in their communication. The also has a voice assistant Shenai to guide you all along ... The tool contains several sections : Translator Live Interpreter Transcriber Reaction Window Audiobook Reference Keyword Communication Starters PolyMemes The tool supports more than 100 languages including international and regional languages. It works in both online and offline mode and is supported by both windows and linux. Translator, Live Interpreter and Transcriber translates the messages by user in his desired language. Since not all emotions can be expressed in mere words, the reaction window helps you convey your feelings without any technicalities of medium . Audiobook reads out the text file in foreing language to one you can understand. Notes often makes our task easier and convenient, similarly the keyword references would help you during interaction and you won’t have to look up everything while communicating. Worried as to how to start a conversation with a foreigner , our next segment has got your back by providing you helpful tips and tricks along with great question in many languages . We all love to share a funny joke with our friends and now tto can share the same in their language with the polymemes.

Tech Stack I have used Python as our base coding language :- Tkinter library is - for making interface; Googletrans library -as Google Translate API; Speech recognition library; Pyttsx3, gtts libraries - convert translated text to speech; Pydub library -for working with audio files; Emoji module - for reaction window; image processing
